# Overview

## Overview

Sunbird Knowlg consists of a set of tools and services that enable you to organise, curate, create, and discover millions of assets.

Here are some examples of solutions that can be enabled using Sunbird Knowlg:

a) A learning management system (LMS) or content management system (CMS) can leverage Sunbird Knowlg to organize their content, create targeted courses, programs, projects or a video repository.

b) An OTT platform can leverage Sunbird Knowlg to create web series, movies & tv shows.

c) Marketing organization(s) can create solutions to generate, manage and track QR Codes for print media marketing campaigns.

d) Large organizations can use Sunbird Knowlg to create and maintain their product catalogues.

## Key capabilities of Sunbird Knowlg

**Rich and Diverse Assets** - Enable a variety of learning experiences such as simulations, explanation, e-books, games, virtual labs, AR/VR experiences using multiple formats - html, videos, h5p, pdf, audios and ePub.

**Organised Collections** - Organise your assets into various categories such as playlists, courses, textbooks, web-series, episodes etc.

**Asset Lifecycle Management** - Microservices to manage the asset creation, curation and publish lifecycle.

**Powerful Discovery** - Enable meaningful tagging & discovery of assets with comprehensive search capability by defining your own taxonomies. These services are built for scale and enable various kinds of searches irrespective of their data type.

**Phygital Discovery** - Ability to codify and link physical resources such as textbooks with online resources using QR codes.

**Observability** - Out of the box dataproducts to analyse the health of the asset creation workflows. Create custom reports and dashboard to derive usage related insights by leveraging the telemetry generated by the players and editors.

### Adopters:

**DIKSHA by NCERT**_,_ **Ministry of Education, India**

**Lex by Infosys**

**Contributors**

Ekstep
